chore: Fix setup script to run project locally (#211)
guardian/prosemirror-typerighter: docs/README.md

## Installation

> 1. Run `nvm use` to set the correct Node version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Ensure that you are using the Node version specified in `.nvmrc` – for example, if you are using `nvm`, run `nvm use`.
```
